💅 Prepare theming support in design system (#2227)
commercetools/ui-kit: .changeset/few-maps-smell.md

'@commercetools-uikit/money-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/multiline-text-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/number-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/password-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/radio-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/rich-text-utils': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/search-select-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/select-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/select-utils': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/text-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/time-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/toggle-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/label': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/link': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/loading-spinner': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/notifications': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/primary-action-dropdown': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/spacings-inline': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/spacings-inset': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/spacings-inset-squish': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/spacings-stack': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/stamp': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/tag': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/text': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/tooltip': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/view-switcher': minor
'@commercetools-frontend/ui-kit': minor
'visual-testing-app': minor
---

> Refactor UI kit components and `@commercetools-uikit/design-system` package for future theming support.
> 
> `customProperties` object exporteded from the `@commercetools-uikit/design-system` is now deprecated (although still exported for backwards compatibility). It is advised to use the `designTokens` object instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare theming support in our design system.

This is an internal change to restructure how we define and use design tokens, in particular by relying on CSS variables. Consumers are not affected by any of these changes.

Note that the `customProperties` object exported from the `@commercetools-uikit/design-system` package is now deprecated (although still exported for backwards compatibility) in favour of the `designTokens` object.
```

'@commercetools-uikit/money-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/multiline-text-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/number-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/password-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/radio-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/rich-text-utils': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/search-select-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/select-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/select-utils': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/text-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/time-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/toggle-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/label': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/link': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/loading-spinner': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/notifications': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/primary-action-dropdown': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/spacings-inline': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/spacings-inset': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/spacings-inset-squish': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/spacings-stack': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/stamp': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/tag': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/text': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/tooltip': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/view-switcher': minor
'@commercetools-frontend/ui-kit': minor
'visual-testing-app': minor
---

> Introduce theming support to ui-kit components based on the use of **CSS custom properties** (sometimes referred to as **CSS variables** or **cascading variables**).

Author: Sounds good. How about?

> Refactor UI kit components and `@commercetools-uikit/design-system` package for future theming support. `customProperties` object exporteded from the `@commercetools-uikit/design-system` is now deprecated (although still exported for backwards compatibility). It is advised to use the `designTokens` object instead.

> Introduce theming support to ui-kit components based on the use of **CSS custom properties** (sometimes referred to as **CSS variables** or **cascading variables**).

Reviewer 2: Personally, I wouldn't mention anything about theming yet but I'm ok with your suggestion. 👍
